Bro Mao
Datou, stay behind.
Everyone else can go.
Bro Mao
Are we still in the real estate business?
What you shouldn't ask,
don't ask.
What's yours,
you'll get every penny.
Thanks, Bro Mao.
Get back to work.
Just name a price.
If I'm not mistaken,
your big brother gave you this ring, right?
What's that supposed to mean?
Young man,
you haven't found a worthy master.
This thing
is just iron.
Do you know what my big brother does?
I don't care what your brother does.
If you don't believe me,
go out, turn left.
There's a scrapyard.
Boss Datou,
it's not just the cops after Bro Mao now.
Even the debts the boys lent out,
we can't collect them.
Those miserable bastards,
once they heard Bro Mao got into trouble,
they can't wait for the company to collapse.
Small amounts are fine,
but we can't get the big money back.
How are the boys gonna live, Boss Datou?
And now even the foot massage parlors
and bars the boys run,
if this keeps up,
they're all gonna shut down.
Boss Datou,
what do we do?
Bro Mao's legacy,
I, Datou, will carry it on.
Let's go.
You want to take over?
Your name is Chen Yongjiang?
Where's Chen Yongjiang?
On the arrest warrant.
Let me tell you,
even if Chen Yongjiang showed up,
it'd be useless.
You get it?
I... I'm Little Luo.
I'm asking for a friend.
You said you wanted to open a branch.
So it's...
already done, huh?
Then... never mind.
I'll let him know later.
Let's catch up sometime.
Thanks, thanks.
Hey, Lao Yang.
I'm looking to pick up some small businesses.
They're all closed, huh?
If something suitable comes up, let me know.
Okay, okay, okay.
Lao Wang.
It's me.
Luo, yeah, yeah.
I've got a friend
who wants to take over a shop.
Do you...
have any suitable shops?
Well...
all right then.
Then... then I'll ask around later.
I'm here to pick up my car.
Sure, go ahead.
But it's inconvenient to pay right now.
Zhang Yuanshan, have I been too soft on you?
Fine, don't pay me back.
The boys have nothing better to do anyway.
So I'll just wait you out.
I'll wait until you shut down.
Hello.
You're Zhang Yuanshan, right?
I'm not too clear on Bro Mao's situation now.
But there's one thing I am sure of.
And that is...
you're definitely not getting away.
This auto repair shop...
From what I know,
has three car lifts.
Each one's priced at 150,000.
That's 450,000 total.
Plus the computer diagnostics,
the paint booth, all that included,
you...
you reported 800,000 in total.
So your actual job here
is handling money laundering for Bro Mao.
Right?
Those receipts and bank records of yours...
once the cops check,
all these bills and contracts
will be solid evidence.
Bro Mao's money laundering accomplice.
So,
you're definitely not getting away.
Hold on,
are you
Bro Mao's guy or a cop?
Me?
If I called the cops right now,
the boys might...
they might all go in.
But
you'd never come out.
Because in black and white,
they're signed by you and Chen Yongjiang.
If they go in,
they're just employees at most.
But if you go in,
you're the main culprit.
Out here, I can't touch you.
But inside? That's another story.
I've done time.
I've got people inside.
No, I...
I really don't have any money.
You can all see it.
There's no business out there.
Even if you take the shop,
you couldn't make it work either.
That's perfect.
Here's the thing.
I've drafted a contract.
I can, at market value,
buy ownership of Yuanshan Auto Repair.
These boys don't have to move either.
They can keep working here.
Of course,
I can also pay off the debts you owe.
If you want a place to make a living,
I can also consider
letting you fix tires here.
Sound good?
Oh, right.
I'll pay the repair shop's debt.
This is the first installment.
What are you trying to do?
Doing business. Acquiring shops.
Making money.
What were you doing at the cemetery?